# Invoicerator
Python-based Invoice Generator

## Dependencies

This little app uses the python-docx API, so be sure to install it using the requirements file or by running:

$ pip install python-docx

## What it does

Invoicerator will generate an easy-to-read invoice putting your name and information at the top of the file, set up a table with columns for Date, Project, and Hours worked, ask you for your hourly rate, prompt you for a filename to save it out, and finish up by creating a .docx file for you to send out to the client.
## What you should have ready
Invoicerator will ask you for the client you are invoicing. Their name will appear above the invoicing hours table. 

The table itself will be generated by you inputting the date of service, the project being invoiced, and the hours worked for that date. A basic Word table will be generated with appropriate header cells to display this information clearly and cleanly for your client.

Your rate will appear underneath the table, followed by a calculated total amount owed based on the hours you have entered into the table. There is a standard blurb at the end of the invoice requesting that all payments are due within 30 days of receipt of the invoice.

## How to use it

1. Open Terminal/iTerm and navigate to the directory where you've placed the Invoicerator files.
2. Open the userData.py file and fill in the variables with your information. Save and close.
3. Run Invoicerator with the $python invoicerator.py command.
4. You'll be prompted to put in the name of your client. Type it in and hit Enter.
5. The generated invoice table takes in a Date, Project name, and Hours worked. Enter each of these when prompted. An entry will be displayed followed by a prompt asking if you have more to log. Hitting Yes will repeat the process and add one more row to your table. Entering No will continue to the next step.
6. Enter your hourly rate.
7. You'll be prompted for a filename. Enter it here and hit Enter to finish the generation process. A Word document with the filename will appear in the same directory as Invoicerator.
8. Email that off to your client and wait for your money to roll in!

